index.md, before:

---
title: "Stat 153: Introduction to Time Series"
subtitle: 'UC Berkeley, Spring 2025'
---

::::{grid} 1 2 2 2

:::{card}
:header: **Aditya Guntuboyina**

![Aditya Guntuboyina](images/firefly-instructor.jpg)

+++

* **Office Hours**: Tue 11-12pm (Evans 4019)
* **Pronouns**: He/Him
* [instructor@berkeley.edu](mailto:instructor@berkeley.edu)
:::

:::{card}
:header: **Dohyeong Ki**

![Dohyeong Ki](images/firefly-gsi.jpg)

+++

* **Office Hours**: MW 2-3pm (Evans 3137)
* **Pronouns**: She/Her
* [gsi-name@berkeley.edu](mailto:gsi-name@berkeley.edu)

:::

::::

:::{attention} Welcome to [Week 2](#week2) of Dept 153!
:class: dropdown
:icon: false
👋
:::

# Schedule

You can have freestyle HTML with colors and styles. <span style="color: blue;">For example, this text is blue.</span>

The table below is rendered by the `schedule` plugin, contributed by [rowanc1](https://github.com/rowanc1). It is declared in `myst.yml` and contained within `schedule.mjs`. It reads in the data in `schedule.yml` and converts it into a table.

:::{schedule} ./schedule.yml

:::

Commit message:

Remove syllabus page in favor of PDF.

index.md, after:

---
title: "Stat 153: Introduction to Time Series"
subtitle: 'UC Berkeley, Spring 2025'
---

::::{grid} 1 2 2 2

:::{card}
:header: **Aditya Guntuboyina**

![Aditya Guntuboyina](images/firefly-instructor.jpg)

+++

* **Office Hours**: Tue 11-12pm (Evans 4019)
* **Pronouns**: He/Him
* [instructor@berkeley.edu](mailto:instructor@berkeley.edu)
:::

:::{card}
:header: **Dohyeong Ki**

![Dohyeong Ki](images/firefly-gsi.jpg)

+++

* **Office Hours**: MW 2-3pm (Evans 3137)
* **Pronouns**: She/Her
* [gsi-name@berkeley.edu](mailto:gsi-name@berkeley.edu)

:::

::::

# Syllabus

Basic information about the course can be found in the [syllabus](syllabus.pdf).

# Schedule

You can have freestyle HTML with colors and styles. <span style="color: blue;">For example, this text is blue.</span>

The table below is rendered by the `schedule` plugin, contributed by [rowanc1](https://github.com/rowanc1). It is declared in `myst.yml` and contained within `schedule.mjs`. It reads in the data in `schedule.yml` and converts it into a table.

:::{schedule} ./schedule.yml

:::
